User Stories
============

1. As a website visitor I want to see list of movies in home page, in order to surf through the list of movies & find the movie of my interest.

2. As a website visitor I want to search for a movie, so that I can see the rating & reviews of that movie.

3. As a website visitor I want to make an advanced search based on various factors like movie title, genre, year, etc., so that I can find the movie I am looking for with minimum data I know about it.

4. As a website visitor I want to navigate across the website so that I can use various features provided by the website.

5. As a website visitor I want to contact the developer of the website, so that I can share concerns or suggestions about the website.

6. As a website visitor I want to register to the website, so that I can see movie reviews from custom critics of my choice.

7. As a registering user I want to key in my information, in order to register to the website.

8. As a registered user I want to login into the website, in order to get cutomized critics and reviews of movies.

9. As a registered user I key in my login credentials, in order to log in into the website.

10. As a registered user I want to see list of movies in home page, in order to surf through the list of movies & find the movie of my interest.

11. As a registered user I want to search for a movie, so that I can see the rating & reviews of that movie.


12. As a registered user I want to make an advanced search based on various factors like movie title, genre, year, etc., so that I can find the movie I am looking for with minimum data I know about it.

13. As a registered user I want to navigate across the website so that I can use various features provided by the website.

14. As a registered user I want to contact the developer of the website, so that I can share concerns or suggestions about the website.

15. As a registered user I want to select critics, so that I can get reviews from critics of my interest.

16. As a registered user I want to see my profile, so that I can learn about my current critic selection.

17. As a registered user I want to update my critics information, in order to get reviews from different critic.

18. As a registered user I want to log out from the website.